So now let's add the getter and setters for the children.
We'll go ahead and use what we've already created for the node.
We want to define set_left_child,
and I'll fix these later.
Just setting it up.
Set_right_child, get_left_child and get right child.
So now we have these functions defined and let's go ahead and fix these.
We want to set, the left child.
It's going to be taking in some node that it will set it to and it's going to set
the left self.left equal to that node that's passed in.
Similarly, for set_right_child, it's going to take in some node and
then it's going to set the right node pointer to that node.
Now, to get the left child,
we can just return self.left.
Similarly. For the right child,
we're going to return self.right.
Awesome. Let's check if it works.
So here we can check by creating three nodes.
There's going to be node0, node1,
and node2, they store value;
apple, banana, and orange.
Now, for node0, I will set this left child to node0,
which is banana, and node0's right child,
I will set to node2, which is orange.
We'll just print it out to see if it works, and indeed,
node0's left child is banana and node0's right child is orange.